Initial docs for the Forward Internal action (#936)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: traffic-policy/actions/forward-internal/examples/basic-example.mdx

import ConfigExample from "/src/components/ConfigExample.tsx";

### Basic Example

> The following [Traffic Policy](/docs/http/traffic-policy/) configuration is an example configuration of the `forward-internal` action.

Reviewer: here, before we even get to the configuration, tell me what we're setting up. "this example sets up a public endpoint that always forwards traffic to a private endpoint."

may also want to demonstrate that if you only forward some traffic, the non-forwarded traffic goes to the public endpoint's agent tunnel.

#### Example Traffic Policy Document

<ConfigExample
	snippetText={null}
	showLineNumbers={true}
	jsonMetastring="{5-51}"
	yamlMetastring="{4-28}"
	config={{
		inbound: [
			{
				actions: [
					{
						type: "forward-internal",
						config: {
							url: "https://example.private",
						},
					},
				],
			},
		],
	}}
/>

#### Start Private Endpoint

```shell
ngrok http 80 --url example.private --binding private
```

#### Start Public Endpoint with Traffic Policy

```shell
ngrok http 80 --url forward-internal-example.ngrok.io --traffic-policy-file /path/to/policy.yml
```

### Example Request

```shell

> curl https://forward-internal-example.ngrok.io

Reviewer: show some output here? maybe use this to demo some of the things explained in the Behavior section

import ConfigExample from "/src/components/ConfigExample.tsx";

### Basic Example

> This example configuration will set up a public endpoin (`forward-internal-example.ngrok.io`) which will forward all traffic it receives to a private endpoint (`example.private`) which will then forward the request to port `80` on your local machine. Since it is forwarding all traffic to the private endpoint, no traffic will be sent to `8080` which is the upstream port for the public endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configuration will set up a public endpoint (`forward-internal-example.ngrok.io`) forwarding all traffic it receives to a private endpoint (`example.private`) that forwards the request to port `80` on your local machine. Since it is forwarding all traffic to the private endpoint, no traffic will be sent to `8080` which is the upstream port for the public endpoint.
```
